- tWitch is going to ask us
each to name three things
in a certain category, like,
three types of peppers
or, you know,
something like that--
- That's odd. I don't know
three types of peppers.
- Well, you don't--
that's an example.
I'm not gonna ask you that now
'cause you could've
thought of something.
- Okay.
- Anyway, so you have five
seconds to answer three things
in five seconds and then you
have to hit that
to stop the clock, okay?
- Okay, where's the clock?
- All right, well, the clock--
- I want proof.
- Yeah, well it will be up there
so we'll see how many seconds--
And we'll take turns.
I'll go first so you can
see how it goes. tWitch is gonna
ask the questions.
- All right, ready?
- Yep.
- Okay. Ellen, name three shows
you've binge watched.
- Binge watched,
"Game of Thrones",
uh, uh, argh!
Uh, uh.
[buzzer buzzing]
- Man, just "Game of Thrones",
just "Game of Thrones".
- Just "Game of Thrones."
I couldn't think of anything
else binge-watching.
Rectify.
- Why you's lie?
- Because I--
I couldn't think
of another show.
- Really?
- Yeah. Yes.
- You couldn't think of
another show.
- To binge watch.
Not to binge watch.
I mean, like--
- You obviously just lied.
Just name--I'm not gonna go,
"Oh, you never
binge watched that."
- Yeah.
- I'm gonna cheat, it's like
I'm gonna cheat.
- You'll see how hard
this is.
- Okay, okay.
- Okay, Ricky, name three
female body parts.
- Two eyes and a nose.
- Two eyes counts as one eye.
- No.
- You didn't say specifically
female.
Two eyes and a nose,
that's three.
Females have got two eyes and a
nose, that's three.
That counts.
- You take that?
- First of all, I had
a harder question, go.
- Okay.
Name three Michael Jackson
songs.
- "Man In The Mirror",
"Thriller".
[buzzer buzzing]
I can't wait to hear
his easy question.
- Okay. Ricky, name three things
you can't resist.
- Beer, cheese, wine.
- What?
Oh, you can resist cheese--
Like, I mean, what--
- Okay, Ellen, here we go.
- I don't even care anymore.
- Name three breeds of dogs.
- A Poodle, a Cocker Spaniel,
and a Chihuahua.
- There we go.
All right.
Name three Tom Hanks movies.
- "Toy Story 1, 2," and "3".
- No! No!
Oh, no, we're not going to break
yet, hold on.
- Okay, Ellen, name three
under garments.
- Uh, a bra, and panties,
and socks.
- Yeah.
- Yep. Yep.
- Ricky, name three things
you can cover with chocolate.
- Um, a cake, yourself,
someone else.
[laughter]
- No, one more. One more.
- No, keep going.
I can do this all day.
- Okay.
- Come on, it's Monday.
Come on.
- Okay, Ellen, name three
excuses for being late.
- Uh, the car broke down,
I couldn't find the bus,
and I fell down.
- I fell down?
- I fell--
- That's good.
- Yeah.
- I don't--I don't believe you
couldn't get a bus run.
When was the last time
you rode on a bus?
- Yeah, oh, I take the bus
every day.
All right, now we do have to
take a break.
Okay, I win. Enough. - One more,
one more.
- All right, one more.
- Okay.
- Okay, name three cocktails.
- Manhattan, Screwdriver,
Sex on the Beach.
- We'll be back.